[docs] revise readme and changelog for OpenYurt v0.6.0 (#709)
openyurtio/openyurt: CHANGELOG.md

More information can be found at: ([OpenYurt Experience Center Introduction](https://openyurt.io/zh/docs/next/installation/openyurt-experience-center/overview/), [@luc99hen](https://github.com/luc99hen), [@qclc](https://github.com/qclc), [@Peeknut](https://github.com/Peeknut))

- YurtCluster

This YurtCluster Operator is to translate a vanilla Kubernetes cluster into an OpenYurt cluster, through a simple API (YurtCluster CRD).
And we recommend that you do the cluster conversion based on the declarative API of YurtCluster Operator. More information can be
found at: ([#389](https://github.com/openyurtio/openyurt/pull/389), [#518](https://github.com/openyurtio/openyurt/pull/518), [yurtcluster-operator](https://github.com/openyurtio/yurtcluster-operator), [@SataQiu](https://github.com/SataQiu), [@gnunu](https://github.com/gnunu))

- Yurtctl init/join

In order to improve efficiency of creating OpenYurt cluster, a new tool named [sealer](https://github.com/alibaba/sealer) has
been integrated into `yurtctl init` command. and OpenYurt cluster image(based on Kubernetes v1.19.7 version) has been prepared.

> Users can use `yurtctl init` command to creating OpenYurt cluster controlPlane, and use `yurtctl join` to add worker nodes(including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can use `yurtctl init` command to create OpenYurt cluster control-plane, and use `yurtctl join` to add worker nodes(including
```

Author: fixed.
